Now we will talk about database, so we will try to look for which database is suitable for us, and
in particular, we are looking for open source databases.
Now, there are two kinds of databases of broadly that are available to us.
One is IBM's and another one is no sequel.
So they have to work on a limited skill and no sequel databases.
They offer unlimited scalability.
Now let's look at their differences to understand which database is really suitable for our purpose.
Now we are looking for a database which our services can use for doing transactions, so our database
is going to experience both read Lord and Right Lord, so we will read data from our database.
And then we will process that data, and then we will write back that data to our database.
So that's that's called transactions.
So that that's the kind of load our database is going to take for that purpose.
R.D. BBMAs is a perfectly suitable choice because they provide full fledged asset transactions.
We can also do asset transactions in no secret databases, depending upon which database we are talking
about.
But generally, they allow asset transaction, the only problem being that they allow asset transaction
only on the aggregate data.
So if you have a record, a single record, you can actually do an asset transaction on that.
So a general strategy is to normalize data and put as much data as possible in a single record.
So whatever data that needs to go transaction at a time that needs to be available in a single record.
We often call it as aggregate.
So that's the notion of transactions in no secret databases.
It works pretty well.
But then your schema will be designed as per your transactions, so you lose some flexibility over there
in terms of how you want to design your ischemia.
Schema should be strictly in that area.
Insert your transaction requirements.
Now there are a couple of other things that we lose when we work with no security databases and those
are things like we can all do joints.
There are no foreign keys, so data integrity, we have to take care of data integrity from application
site.
And then there is limited indexing that we can do.
And that's because our data is distributed across multiple instances.
And the same reason also doesn't allow us to do general transactions on multiple records, which are
distributed over multiple instances.
So for these reasons, no sequel database, they are seen as databases with limitations.
Their strength lies in extreme scalability that they provide and the flexible schema so we can add as
many columns on the fly as we want and return depends on the kind of new security database we are talking
about.
But generally we can take that that this schema is flexible and on demand we can extend it.
So these are the two things that are a unique selling point for nowsecure databases and the one that
we are most concerned about is extreme scale, because what we want is that we should be able to go
to the ultimate scale that is required for our solution.
Remember, we are doing this for large scale systems, so rich database we shall choose now if we choose,
our teams are and gets limited.
What that means is that if our data goes beyond one terabytes of data, then generally it seems in need
about in that range.
The RBM says they are not able to give good performance on those databases where we are trying to do
transactions and the database has gone beyond one terabyte.
That's a limitation on scale, but now we have to be realistic over here.
Well, our data ever cross one terabyte limit on our transaction database, the database that we are
doing transactions.
It generally doesn't go beyond that size.
And the reason is that when we do transactions on our database as the data become old and all.
So let's say we have bought some ADRs and after sometimes these orders will be delivered to the customer
and they really become history.
So also, it's data we do not need to keep it in our IBM's instance where we are doing transactions
and that kind of IBM's instances callers or LTV database because there we are doing online transaction
processing.
So from this kind of database, we extract the data to ideally process, and we put that data into another
IBM's, which is called data warehouse.
Now in this data warehouse, we can get data from other databases also.
So it becomes one point where we can integrate our data and generally we keep historical data over.
We're here for generating reports, and that process is called as an entity.
So we do it in.
We get data from multiple Worldpay databases, whatever databases they are there in our system.
We integrate that data and we put that into data arrows for reports.
And that is the reason.
Generally, we see that the data size really goes very high in all TB databases.
The reason we do not do analytics on these same or LTV database, the reason is that the workload,
the right load is pretty high on all TB databases.
And if we have heavy query load, the kind of load that reports report generation will create, then
we need to set up our database differently.
We need to do unit differently and that's why we work on data warehouses, which are like which are
already obsolete, but they are configured and tuned differently.
So this is how we solve the large data size problem that if data size becomes very large, then how
do we handle that?
So this is the way it is handled.
So rarely we will cross one terabytes of data.
So IBM's becomes a perfect choice for us.
Right?
And when we are talking about IBM's minus and PostgreSQL are two very good choice in terms of open source
IBM's.
So here we will choose any one of them.
So I'm going to choose PostgreSQL over here.
So there's the database that we are going to go ahead with.
Now, a side note over here is that wherever we are not doing convictions in our skin is becoming bigger
and bigger.
Those are the places where we can actually start removing our BMWs and we can actually replace it with
some new sequel database.
So that is how generally we progress with databases.
We can start with our devices, and if our skin grows, then we can embrace for eventual consistency.
We can do it with IBM's multiple instances.
And then finally, we can go for no secret databases.
So we are going to use PostgreSQL security database, but because this is mainly for learning, so we
will also involve Cassandra at some stage where we are microservices, we have multiple services at
that point in time.
We will also bring in Cassandra.
So with that, we know what database we are going to use.
Now let's take a quick look at the schema that we have.